Every operating system out there is about equal… We all suck. (Microsoft senior vice president Brian Valentine describing the state of the art in OS security, 2003)

Programming is like sex. One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life. (Michael Sinz) There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. (C.A.R. Hoare) I’ve finally learned what ‘upward compatible’ means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes. (Dennie van Tassel) Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right. If everything did, you’d be out of a job. (Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering) Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming; feedback is the treatment. (Kent Beck)

Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration. (Stan Kelly-Bootle) The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. (Randall E. Stross) Good code is its own best documentation. (Steve McConnell) I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. (Oktal) The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. (Seymour Cray)

Every operating system out there is about equal… We all suck. (Microsoft senior vice president Brian Valentine describing the state of the art in OS security, 2003) I don’t care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine! (Vidiu Platon) The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren’t there. (Gordon Bell) A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. (Mitch Radcliffe) One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that–lacking zero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs. (Robert Firth)

Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. (Pablo Picasso) There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. (Alan J. Perlis) Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges, and it causes end-user and administrator frustration. (Ray Ozzie) The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less. (David Emery)

There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don’t believe this to be a coincidence. (Jeremy S. Anderson) The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense. (E.W. Dijkstra) That’s what’s cool about working with computers. They don’t argue, they remember everything, and they don’t drink all your beer. (Paul Leary) Just remember: you’re not a ‘dummy,’ no matter what those computer books claim. The real dummies are the people who–though technically expert–couldn’t design hardware and software that’s usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it. (Walter Mossberg)

Just remember: you’re not a ‘dummy,’ no matter what those computer books claim. The real dummies are the people who–though technically expert–couldn’t design hardware and software that’s usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it. (Walter Mossberg) A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. (Mitch Radcliffe) PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals. (Jon Ribbens) A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensive answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place. (IEEE Grid newsmagazine) The Internet? Is that thing still around? (Homer Simpson)

A hacker on a roll may be able to produce–in a period of a few months–something that a small development group (say, 7-8 people) would have a hard time getting together over a year. IBM used to report that certain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as other workers, or more. (Peter Seebach) If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. (Robert Sewell)

Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it’s released. Beta is Latin for “still doesn’t work”. (Anonymous)